Hello.
I'm Yang Ho Rang. We were in the same class in middle school.
Yes, I know.
I wanted to be in your class.
You're the top student at our school.
I'll sit next to you, so help me get into a university in Seoul.
Okay?
By the way,
why do you talk in Seoul dialect?
I moved here from Seoul. Didn't you know?
I know, but you moved here when you were in kindergarten.
The teacher's coming!
All right, girls. Get to your senses.
You're 18 years old now.
You're in your junior year.
Also, we obviously have a transfer student.
This is Woo Soo Ji.
She just moved from Jinju. Say hello.
Is that it?
Yes.
Go sit in the empty seat.
What's with her? Is she a volleyball player?
Make sure you get signatures on your report cards.
Ji Ho, are you the top junior student again?
(School ranking: 2 of 147)
You're second?
If you're second, then who's first?
- You're the top student? - Really?
No way.
- Soo Ji, teach me. - Me too.
- My parents will kill me. - Teach me too.
Get in line, I asked first.
Don't be mean, she can help us both.
Right?
What? She's the top student?
How can she get good marks when she looks like an athlete?
It looked like she always got highest marks in Jinju too.
Do you know why she moved to Namhae?
No. Why?
Her mom ran a brothel in Jinju,
and a married man...
She doesn't have a dad either.
Or he exists, and they just don't know who he is.
Don't tell other people this.
I won't. Why would I?
Look at the stars.
There are so many.
What a bloody boring country town.
What?
Do you want to die?
No! Why?
What's wrong?
I heard you started a rumor saying my mom ran a brothel.
I heard it from someone else.
Is that right?
Did you just hear about her getting into an affair...
with a married man too?
Come on. Who started it?
Hey!
Let her go and talk it out.
Let me go! Let go!
Stay out of this.
No, come with me!
I was so proud to have two top students in my class.
How embarrassing.
Wake up.
Gosh. What are you doing here, Ji Ho?
Hey. It's your fault, isn't it?
Good job.
Come to your senses.
My gosh.
Why do they only hit me? Why only me?
Are stupid girls not human?
You're not much better than me.
You look like dumplings.
You guys are ugly!
Ho Rang, don't cry.
What's this? You're good at talking in Namhae dialect.
If it bothers you so much, then study harder.
It's not something I can help.
If I could help it, I'd already be a top student.
She's crazy.
Stop acting so conceited! I hate you!
Ho Rang. I heard you came to my house.
What kind of childish act is this?
I accept your apology.
Do the questions circled in red three times each.
It'll be on the exam.
Also, don't you dare talk in Seoul dialect in front of me.
I hate it.
You make me laugh.
That's how the three of us became friends.
Hey! Look at this! I got 70!
(Math)
How is that?
- You did so well. - Good job.
You only got three wrong.
Good.
(Woo Soo Rang Ji Ho)
I'm going to get you! You girls!
Hey, I got one!
- I got one. - What is it?
- I got it. - What is it?
It's huge. It's a bream.
Wow! It's so big!
I want to be an owner.
I'll become an owner.
But you're so smart. Why do you want to run a business?
Be a professor instead.
Or you can get into a conglomerate.
Even if I do, I'll be dependent on my salary.
You only live once. How can you live under someone's orders forever?
I'm going to make my own money.
That's true. She can't work under people with that temper.
I want to marry a successful man who worked hard for it...
and become a housewife.
Someone who worked for it? Why?
You don't want to marry into a rich family?
No.
If he gets money from his parents, I'd have to live with my in-laws.
If the man made it for himself, then it'll be all ours.
Does that mean one of us will marry a professional?
Maybe a doctor or a lawyer?
These days, engineers are the best.
A businessman who graduated from engineering.
That's the type of successful man I dream of.
Ji Ho, what about you?
What do you think? She wants to be a writer. Right?
No.
What is it then?
It's true I want to be a writer because I like writing,
but that's not my dream.
My dream...
- is love. - Love?
How can love be a dream?
Your next door neighbor Min Gook likes you.
Date him.
No way, he's ugly.
Date Seung Hoon instead.
It's not like that.
I want to have the love of my life.
I want to meet someone that's like a fate.
That's my dream.
I think I like someone.
What are you talking about?
What? Who?
My husband.
Are you kidding me?
What is this? Are you trying to make us jealous?
Should I say that I love Won Seok here too?
Just go to bed!
Actually, I still don't know...
what marriage means.
However, liking someone...
In life, having one love...
is more than enough.
Something he said keeps on replaying in my heart.
Even the back of his head...
looks charming.
Are you up?
Yes.
Is Kitty feeling better?
Yes. Like the hospital said, it was temporary.
What is it? Do I have something on my face?
Yes.
Handsome.
Is there something on the window?
Should I clean it?
I can see the person I like every day.
Marriage is...
really nice.
You're home?
Mother.
( Episode 10: Because This Is My First Time Having In-laws)
This is pickled deodeok, and this is braised mackerel.
He loves braised fish dishes.
I see.
Why didn't you call first?
Why would I call my son's house?
It's the weekend, so I figured you'd be home.
Let's put this in the fridge.
Yes, of course.
- Leave it. I'll do it. - Forget it.
You don't know anything about working the kitchen.
Us experts should take care of housework.
Right, Ji Ho?
Yes.
- Here. - Yes, give it to me.
Do you remember Vice-principal Hwang?
He sent us a box of apples.
I had some with your father-in-law, and it's very delicious.
- I see. - Do you like apples?
Yes, I do. I'm not a picky eater.
That's great.
Please give...
Give it to me. I'll do it.
I heard you work at a cafe.
Yes, I felt like I should be working.
You were worried your husband might feel burdened, weren't you?
How sweet of you.
Where did he find someone so nice like you?
You didn't forget about the memorial service tomorrow, right?
- If you leave work early... - I won't leave work early.
You know I've never joined the family memorial service.
- Why would you... - Right.
I know you're busy.
I'm only telling you to come if you have time.
Gosh, give that to me.
You're bad at peeling an apple.
Only those who're used to it can peel an apple. Don't you agree?
Yes.
- Give it to me. I'll do it. - Will you?
Ji Ho, we arrived already. When will you come out?
You said you have an appointment with your friends, right?
- Yes. - Go on. You might run late.
I didn't know that. Go on.
Well, then.
I'll just peel it.
I'm sorry.
- You're here. - Did you wait long?
It's okay.
My mother-in-law visited our house suddenly.
I said, it's okay.
Gosh, why am I getting a headache?
You have a headache? Why?
What's this ring?
Did Won Seok give this to you?
- You're getting married? - Yes.
I'm getting married!
Goodness!
- Oh my goodness! - I'm finally getting married.
Goodness.
Will you not visit our house?
We'll see.
Well... Your dad...
says he'll pay for your debt.
It's okay.
Until when will you stay this way with your dad?
You're married now,
so it's time you forget and move on.
Forget and move on?
What are you talking about? Forget what?
And my marriage has nothing to do with him.
Se Hee.
Your dad is feeling very much apologetic too.
He's grown old.
I'll say goodbye here. I have a business to take care of.
And...
don't visit us without any notice from now on.
It's not polite to the person I'm living with.
Take a taxi home.
The person he's living with?
He calls his wife like she's a tenant.
So I told him to look at my fingers closely...
and saw my hand.
And I found this ring.
I didn't know he'd make such a nice proposal.
It was worth putting your effort on him after all.
I know.
Won Seok used to buy a flashlight...
when she said she was afraid to walk alone at night seven years ago.
I told you...
I'd turn him to be like Mark Jukebox.
He joined your husband's company, so he just needs to be successful now.
Hey, it's not Mark Jukebox. It's Mark...
By the way, why did your mother-in-law visit you suddenly?
She came to give us side dishes.
To the newlyweds' house on a weekend day?
Don't tell me she knew your house passcode...
and entered your house unexpectedly.
No way.
Her life with her in-laws has begun.
She only visited our house, and it's no big deal.
Right, it may be a natural thing to do in her position.
It's her son's house, so she thinks she has the right...
to enter his house as she wants.
How can she have the right to enter her son's house freely?
You become an independent being with your own family once you grow up.
If someone is to have the right, it belongs to...
the son's wife whom he chose to marry himself.
I agree.
But that's only for those who live in the western countries.
We're living in Korea.
She wouldn't think that Ji Ho has any right to that house...
when her son paid his money to buy it.
It's not like Ji Ho's paying her rent to reside there.
Right. She wouldn't be able to say a thing if his wife paid her rent.
If I paid the rent?
That doesn't make sense.
And she isn't that intimidating.
She's nice to me.
So I'm nice to her too.
And I want to win her favor.
Another daughter-in-law is about to go into the syndrome here.
- What syndrome? - Nice daughter-in-law syndrome.
Was it because of this?
- Should I cut your hair as usual? - Yes, please.
By the way, is there something strange about me?
What?
No, you look just the same.
Is this discount voucher still valid?
Yes.
Nice daughter-in-law syndrome?
It's what newlywed wives often have.
They strain themselves...
because they feel like they have to be a nice, obeying daughter-in-law.
I understand them though.
I'd want to be loved by my husband and in-laws too.
It's pretty common for newlywed wives to experience the syndrome.
Am I experiencing the nice daughter-in-law syndrome?
Why can't I say no to what my in-laws ask me to do?
This isn't right.
Why can't they say no?
I just...
It's just...
that I can't say no to that man.
You changed your hairstyle.
Yes.
I did because I felt bothered a bit.
- Does it look bad? - No, I love it.
I mean, your hairstyle.
I love your new hairstyle.
I see.
Did your mother go back safely?
Yes.
I'm really sorry about what happened earlier.
I warned her not to visit like this many times, but...
No, she only came to her son's house as his mother.
Still, it's not right.
I think we should change our house passcode.
That's not necessary.
If it's because you're concerned about me, I'm all right.
I'm not all right.
I see.
It's been complete.
I'm letting it go because your fake husband is cool.
I never thought I'd fall by such words.
You have a sweet landlord.
What did he say?
I asked him when he came to pay for the rearview mirror.
I asked him why he married you.
So? What did he say?
Of course, he said he married you for rent.
I see.
And he said he respects you.
What?
He respects you as a defender.
He respects me as a defender?
- The last one didn't go through. - What does that mean?
- Sanchez's is on the left side. - Yes.
- They passed the crisis. - They did.
Tottenham is trying to fight back.
They are moving fast.
Is it a rerun?
I think so.
- They are coming all the way. - That's a good way to get a chance.
Kane is on the left. Rose is coming for the ball.
He tries the low cross!
Arsenal got it.
Arsenal is lucky to have a solid defender like Koscielny.
I agree. He's a good defender.
Iwobi's last shot didn't turn out that well.
Anyway, I'm going to a grocery shop because it's weekend.
I'll go with you.
I need to go grocery shopping too.
I see.
Can I ask you something?
Bok Nam told me...
you respect me as a defender.
Yes. He asked me why I married you.
Can I ask you what that means?
Well, it literally means what I said.
You are the only tenant I've respected in my life.
You have never skipped taking out the recycling.
I don't even have to mention feeding the cat.
Above all, in any situations,
you know how to defend yourself properly.
- Honey... - What did you say?
No, that's not it.
I...
I love...
Se Hee.
That's what you mean as a defender.
Marriage is not just a matter of two.
It's more about the interests of others around us...
than what's important to us.
Think about this morning. You knew how to handle the situation.
It could go well because you introduced my mom to them.
I have to thank you about a lot of things.
I really appreciate it.
I need to buy some cat food.
I see. I need to buy rice.
Okay.
Do you know what your husband's nickname is at his work?
No, I don't. What is it?
Loan in the left. Cat in the right.
His left brain is all about loan and the right one is all about his cat.
Really?
Do you think it's funny?
- Where are you then? - What?
I mean, if he only thinks about his loan and his cat,
what about you? When does he think about you?
Well, I don't know.
In his mind?
- Here you are. - Thanks.
I know I shouldn't think like this.
I know I'm not...
the one in his mind.
- I didn't put it on my mileage. - Oh, sorry.
I'm just someone who guarantees him the steady rent income.
I'm his tenant.
I'm just here to keep his faith about no-marriage life.
I'm the great defender for him.
What does he have...
in his mind?
By the way,
do you have any dream,
Se Hee?
What?
I mean, do you have any goal you want to achieve?
A goal?
I...
I just want...
nothing to happen in my life.
What?
Nothing?
Yes.
I just want my everyday to be the same as today.
I want to go to work and pay back for my loan.
I want to come back home to watch a soccer game and drink a beer.
Is that your dream?
Yes.
After all, I want to die at my own place.
So it is...
my dream, I guess.
Is there any way...
that I can be in his mind?
Why are you making me wear a tie?
I can wear casual clothes there. I don't have to suit up like this.
But it's your first day. It's not too much at all.
The first impression is really important.
You are all set.
By the way, Sang Hoon unfriended me on Facebook.
Did he?
Did you not sort out things well with the guys at "Get Up"?
It's all fine.
- Really? - Of course.
Everyone was happy for me for getting this job.
- Really? - Yes.
You look like Mark Jukebox now.
- Ho Rang. - Yes?
- Are you happy now? - Yes, I am.
I'm over the moon!
That's all I need.
- I should leave now. - Have a great day at work!
You should kiss me.
Bye!
- Bye. - Have fun.
Do I not have to sell my company off?
Are we dating now?
Yes, we are.
But there are some conditions.
Conditions?
(Dating agreement)
What is this?
The rule of confidentiality...
Are you sure you are not insane?
What is this?
It's an agreement...
of our relationship.
What do we have to agree with?
- Do we have to do this to date? - Yes.
I see what's going on.
I think you've seen too many TV dramas.
Having a relationship under an agreement is for...
a rich man who has a lot of free time,
or a celebrity. This is for those people.
We are just normal people. Why would we need it?
That's why we need it.
We are normal people who don't have much free time.
We need this agreement to concern our time and interests.
I see where you are coming from, but...
we are not trying to make money. We are trying to date.
So what? Do you not want it?
What?
I didn't say that.
Take a look at it.
First of all, we can only meet outside,
whether it's a weekday or not.
I'm fine with that. I like being outside.
Getting sun is the best thing you can do to get some vitamin D.
Second of all, never ask each other about private lives.
How is it even possible?
Dating is part of our privacies.
I don't think so.
Sharing every little detail sounds like violence to me.
Don't you think so, Mr. Ma?
If you don't want to date me, just tell me.
Why are you making everything so frustrating like this?
No, that's not what I'm doing.
I like you and I want to date you.
That's why I'm trying to make this work.
Originally, my rule is not to sleep with anyone I work with.
But I'm even thinking about dating you. It's a big deal for me.
Oh, I see.
Of course...
I understand everything.
But there's no affection between us, you know?
Whenever we see each other,
we can do it twice.
I think this contract is full of affection.
2, 3, 4, and even 5 times.
I can do it.
And you'll agree to renewal of contract every 100 days.
- Why does it have to be 100 days? - Why not?
Is it too hard?
[VIU Ver] E10 Because This is My First Life
"Because This Is My First Time Having In-laws"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(Dating Contract)
She's so bad.
She's so good at this.
That's it. This is enough. I have to end it.
Ma Sang Goo, how did your mother teach you?
She told me never to meet bad girls.
I have to stop here before things get so ugly for me.
Can I kiss you?
What on earth are you doing?
Hey, right brain. Are you dead? Why isn't it working?
Delete it! Delete!
Why are you doing this to me? Let's delete it.
I have to delete it.
Whenever we see each other,
we can do it twice.
Ma Sang Goo.
Are your mental mind and body being controlled by her?
What are you, an animal?
Come to your senses. Goodness! It hurts!
- Why is this happening to me? - Hello.
Don't you know how scary this world is?
No, you can't do this. Don't.
- Oh, my goodness. - What's wrong with him?
- Why did you make me go through it? - I have no idea.
- I can't be controlled by her. - Are you really okay...
with working here?
She cannot control my mind and body.
Come to your senses! Listen to your mothers' words.
Oh, darn it. Why does it hurt so much?
This is the meeting room, and that's the CEO's room.
And there's a lounge for the employees.
Okay.
And this...
is your seat.
Okay.
Then are you my immediate superior, sir?
No.
You should just call me Se Hee.
- Okay. - Your immediate superior...
is that lady.
Your immediate superior...
Your desk is all ready.
But there's one thing missing.
Do you happen to have the phone you used for testing?
- Yes. - Then do you have...
a mechanical keyboard?
Yes, I also have that.
Then what about a girlfriend?
Pardon?
I also have a girlfriend.
I see. When did you start using Slack?
I've been using it ever since it was released.
So I guess it's been about four years.
Then how long have you been going out with your girlfriend?
We've been dating for about seven years.
Why do you keep asking about that?
It's for work.
You can ask me questions anytime.
I'll get going then.
Darn it.
(Soo Ji)
Is my stomach upset? It's killing me.
Gosh, this feels good.
Woo Seok, can I talk to you for a second?
Okay.
You know, your friend... Who was it?
Woo Ji Soo? Woo Soo Soo? What was her name?
- You mean Soo Ji? - Oh, that's her name.
- Did you go to college with her? - Yes.
I got to meet Ho Rang thanks to Ji Ho and Soo Ji.
Ho Rang used to come to my school more often than she went to hers.
Oh, I see.
Was she popular back then?
Many guys hit on her.
Oh, really?
What about you? Have you ever hit on her?
- What? Me? - Yes.
No, that can never happen between us.
Why not? She's your college friend,
and you met her before you met your current girlfriend.
I think she's pretty good-looking, and she has a nice personality.
That's correct,
but I can never go out with a scary girl like her.
And she's not the type that can handle my stupidity as well.
She's in a different league.
Then what do you think about me?
Do you think I'm in her league?
- You and Soo Ji? - Yes.
I can compare it to ransomware getting immediately infected.
You can never go back once you catch that, and your life will be ruined.
Oh, thanks for telling me that. Go back to work now.
My life will be ruined?
Excuse me.
Yes, ma'am?
I think this is too bland.
It tastes like nothing.
Can I taste it?
I think it's all right.
I don't think you're getting what I'm saying.
How do you expect me to have this?
I don't like it.
So either make a new one or refund my money.
Yes, I can do that for you,
but I personally think you eat too much of salty food.
What? How dare you run your mouth...
in front of me?
Ms. Yang. How could you say that to a customer?
- I'm sorry. - What's gotten into you?
Are you on your period?
Sir.
What?
I've been meaning to tell you this.
Why do you keep insulting my womb, asking if I'm on my period...
every time I do something wrong?
- What? - I mean,
I'm the one who's at fault, not my womb.
The same goes for my other organs.
Ms. Yang. Are you drunk?
No, I'm not. And I'm done with my period already.
Since my break time is almost over, I'll go take a rest for a second.
Ms. Yang. Why are you behaving that way to him?
What if you get fired?
It's all good. I'll quit before he has a chance to fire me.
Sorry? Are you moving to another branch?
Yes, I'm going to move soon.
- Really? - To where?
I'm going to be a good wife.
A good wife?
Is that a new concept of some restaurant?
This is pretty.
Ho Rang, I'm home.
Oh, my. You're home, my darling.
Give it to me.
What?
Why are you acting that way? It's weird.
What is? I have to start practicing.
I have to practice being a wife.
What's all this?
I took a half day off and went to a wedding expo.
There are so many things to prepare like gifts, a venue, and others.
Sit. I'll brief you on this.
- Come here. Sit down. - Okay.
Oh, right. We have to join the wedding mileage.
- A wedding mileage? - Yes.
We have to, since we're going to spend a lot of money for everything.
But they said they'll let us join only if we have a venue contract.
A venue?
Then we must reserve the venue, right?
Decent places must be all booked until next year, don't you think so?
Darn, we're in trouble.
Next year?
Well, if not next year,
we can get married a year after that but it'd be better to be prepared.
Ho Rang, what are you talking about?
How can we get married two years later?
What?
It's open. Come in.
What's this look?
Are you rejecting me?
I got this on my way here.
It's brand new.
It's a gift.
My phone works fine.
Use that for work. And use this...
to talk to me only.
Get it?
All right, all right. Let's start dating.
I'll agree to all your conditions.
Instead, don't ever tell this number to anyone else.
Use this phone with me only.
That's my condition.
You sure know how to negotiate.
What about your number? Did you save it?
(My Honey Sang Goo)
This is you.
(My Baby)
Why are you laughing?
Sang Goo, honey.
What?
Why aren't you washing? You're wasting our time.
We have a lot to do.
You little rascal. You're getting spanked real good tonight.
I'm going to teach you a lesson as a man.
Just wait here.
I'll comeback after 10 minutes. I mean 5 minutes.
Two cups of Yirgacheffe.
Okay.
Isn't one-sided love tough?
Having a crush on your husband...
after marriage must not be easy.
What are you talking about? What crush?
Is it that obvious?
Of course it is.
The way you look at him is different from how he looks at you.
How are mine and his different?
You look at him...
as if you're saying, "I'll do anything for you."
And he looks at you...
just like this.
Didn't I look like him?
Don't be too into him.
You'll get tired and sad.
Love is reciprocal. You can't just give it.
Hello?
Yes.
Yes, Mother.
Welcome! Wasn't it tiring to come?
Not at all.
I called you over because I thought it'd be better for you to attend.
It looks bad if both of you don't attend it...
since this is the first ancestral rites after you got married.
Of course.
- Where did Father go? - He'll be home soon.
- Let's go inside. - All right.
Come over here.
How are you going to make everything alone?
Oh, I'm an expert in this.
I've been the first daughter-in-law for more than 40 years.
You're amazing.
How can I make my daughter-in-law work when she's so precious?
You know, it was my life-long wish...
to wear a matching apron with my daughter.
- Your daughter? - Yes, of course.
You're like my own daughter.
I'm so happy that you became our family member...
when there are only unfriendly men in our family.
Where can I begin, Mother?
Oh, just everything here.
Are you still working?
Oh, I'm at your parents' house.
I don't understand why they air such things.
Just watch it. You always throw cold water on everything.
Come again for next year, okay?
Okay.
He's so adorable.
Gosh, he's so silly.
Do you want more apples?
Yes, please. They're so good.
Oh, right.
Come over here, Sung Mi.
Gosh, didn't she grow so big?
Yes, she's a big girl.
You're really good at that.
Sung Mi, watch that carefully.
She graduated from Seoul National University.
You have to be smart and good like her when you grow up.
- All right? - Okay.
Gosh, she speaks well.
I finally feel like home now.
You always made me work.
When did I ever do that?
I'm just kidding.
If I had a son, it'd have been fun to have a daughter-in-law like you.
I envy you.
Fun?
I was always jealous that you have a daughter.
But I'm not anymore.
I also have a daughter-in-law who's like a daughter.
My gosh.
Your mother-in-law sounds really happy.
Of course I am. I got a daughter for free.
Dear, please finish this off.
Oh, okay.
Oh, right. You have to wash the utensils.
Where did you put them?
Let's go look for them.
Se Hee, what are you doing here?
I thought I would never be able to see you!
How did you find someone like her?
Make a bow.
Dad, don't you think the food is more delicious today?
Your granddaughter-in-law is an amazing cook.
You should make a bow too.
You too, Ji Ho.
Be careful!
- Take care of your brother. - I see.
I will do that.
What are you doing?
Stop making things complicated and get out of the kitchen.
- I can do this. - I know.
Everyone here knows you adore your wife.
I know you are trying to help.
But you are going to make things complicated.
That's true. It's uncomfortable...
for Ji Ho too.
- What are you talking about? - You can go now.
Help yourself.
I know, right?
Did you...
pay everything back for your loan?
I'm working on it.
I'll pay for the rest of it...
as I promised.
Why would you do that? That's my loan.
Your wife is working as a part-timer.
That doesn't look good to their parents too.
I promised anyway.
I said I would buy you a house if you get married.
The promise...
It can't be just made by one person.
What you did was more like a notification...
or a delusion.
I just want to buy a house for my married son.
How can it be a notification or a delusion?
Have we ever been in a...
father-son relationship?
I thought we were just a landlord and a tenant.
You told me that 12 years ago.
"Get out of my house."
"Don't you ever step into my house again."
Why do you think I bought the house?
That's because...
I'm your dad.
You'll know when you become a dad.
That was the only thing I could say as your parent.
No, that wasn't.
You were the landlord, not my parent.
You said it was your house.
You don't even think...
I'm your father anymore, do you?
Even though you are my father,
if you just act like a landlord, I can only treat you like one.
Did you eat well?
Let's go.
Take this with you.
You are giving me a lot!
We don't have anyone to eat this all.
- Thank you so much. - Take care.
Why...
were you there?
What do you mean?
Your mother called me.
You should have called me first.
She said...
I should be there at least...
because you are busy.
How could I call you?
You should have made them think you couldn't go.
You could have said you were busy.
I thought you were a good defender.
I thought I didn't have...
Good Daughter-in-law Syndrome.
I thought I wasn't going to be like those people.
But...
why did I do that...
today?
It's Good Daughter-in-law syndrome.
Have you heard of that?
Do you know about that?
What?
What syndrome?
Married women tend to think...
they should be nice and obedient...
to their parents-in-law.
That's what...
they call it.
Good...
daughter-in-law syndrome.
It's kind of a desire...
for getting recognized.
If you are fulfilled your lower level desires,
that means you will want more things.
You now have sense of belonging because of the marriage.
Now, you want to be recognized.
It's a natural process.
Getting recognition from other people is...
one of the basic animalistic desire as a human being.
How can you...
only think that way?
What?
It can't be just the animalistic desire as a human being.
It can be also about caring.
It's the family of the person I like.
So I wanted to be nice.
I wanted to make the person I like...
happy and comfortable.
That's what I care.
Have you not thought...
that could be the reason why?
I will shower first tonight.
Excuse me,
Ji Ho.
It wasn't in our contract,
but this is the compensation for...
your unfair labor tonight.
I'm sorry...
you had to go through that.
I know I shouldn't think this way.
I know...
I'm not in his heart.
I'm just...
a trustable tenant who guarantees...
a monthly rental fee.
I'm just...
an excellent defender...
who helps him live a marriage-free life.
Isn't she really pretty?
Yes, she is. Imagine...
how pretty she'll look to Se Hee.
He got himself such a kind wife.
I know.
You must be really happy.
What I meant by labor...
wasn't this.
My defense...
isn't something like this.
It's me.
Yes.
How did you calculate...
what you've given me?
Oh, is it not enough?
I put in enough to cover your hourly wage and extra hours.
Yes.
It's not enough by much.
Oh, I see.
Then how much more...
I don't want money.
I want you to pay me with something else.
Something else?
Pay me back with your labor.
Sorry?
Pay me back with your labor...
by working in my parents' place.
We're making kimchi for the winter...
this week.
There's no more defending...
in my life.
I'm going to play as a forward...
to protect my heart.
(Because This Is My First Life)
You only think about loans and cats.
Why did you choose to do something so irrational?
She's beautiful.
I'd do that...
if I can see the beautiful woman every day.
You are in trouble, aren't you?
I don't fight with her anymore.
- If I do... - Things might never be the same.
Who's coming?
Hey, it's cold. Close the window.
I'm going to start my labor right now.
That's weird.
I realized that there could be a room in my heart...
through this marriage.
Ji Ho!
His heart came to me.